New WND config key for Ldapmembership cache (#3679)
owncloud/docs: modules/admin_manual/pages/configuration/server/config_apps_sample_php_parameters.adoc

'wnd.activity.sendToSharees' => false,
....

=== Make the group membership component to assume the ACL contains a user

> The WND app doesn't have knowledge about the users or groups associated to ACLs. This

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The WND app doesn't know about the users or groups associated with ACLs. This
```

means that an ACL containing "admin" might refer to a user called "admin" or a

> group called "admin". By default, the group membership component consider the ACLs to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
group called "admin". By default, the group membership component considers the ACLs to
```

> target groups, and as such, it will try to get the information of such group. This

Reviewer: ```suggestion
target groups, and as such, it will try to get the information for such a group. This
```

> works fine if the majority of the ACLs target groups. If the majority of the ACLs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
works fine if the majority of the ACLs targets groups. If the majority of the ACLs
```

> contains users, this might be problematic. The cost of getting the information of a
> group is usually higher than getting the information of a user. As such, this option

Reviewer: ```suggestion
contains users, this might be problematic. The cost of getting information on a
group is usually higher than getting information on a user. As such, this option
```

> make the group membership component to assume the ACL contains a user, and check whether
> there is a user in ownCloud with such name first. If the name doesn't refer to a user,
> it will get the group information. Note, that this will have performance implications
> if the group membership component can't discard users in a good number of cases. It is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
makes the group membership component assume the ACL contains a user and checks whether
there is a user in ownCloud with such a name first. If the name doesn't refer to a user,
it will get the group information. Note that this will have performance implications
if the group membership component can't discard users in a large number of cases. It is
```

Reviewer: Is "can't" correct in the last sentence? I'd assume it should read "can".

recommended to enable this option only if there is a high number of ACLs targeting users.

==== Code Sample

[source,php]
....
'wnd.groupmembership.checkUserFirst' => false,
....

== App: Workflow / Tagging

> Note: This app is for Enterprise Customers only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: This app is for Enterprise customers only.
```

'wnd.activity.sendToSharees' => false,
....

> === Make the group membership component to assume the ACL contains a user

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
=== Make the group membership component assume that the ACL contains a user
```

The WND app doesn't know about the users or groups associated with ACLs. This
means that an ACL containing "admin" might refer to a user called "admin" or a
group called "admin". By default, the group membership component considers the ACLs to
target groups, and as such, it will try to get the information for such a group. This

> works fine if the majority of the ACLs targets groups. If the majority of the ACLs

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
works fine if the majority of the ACLs target groups. If the majority of the ACLs
```

> contains users, this might be problematic. The cost of getting information on a

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
contain users, this might be problematic. The cost of getting information on a
```

> group is usually higher than getting information on a user. As such, this option

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
group is usually higher than getting information on a user. This option
```

makes the group membership component assume the ACL contains a user and checks whether
there is a user in ownCloud with such a name first. If the name doesn't refer to a user,
it will get the group information. Note that this will have performance implications
if the group membership component can't discard users in a large number of cases. It is

> recommended to enable this option only if there is a high number of ACLs targeting users.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
recommended to enable this option only if there are a high number of ACLs targeting users.
```
